let me say stop smoking for Bob with
chopper a que son I feel include
I don't race joy fuck snuggle a mom
fucking a comer what you name the game
and I place that fucking weapon fighting
fuck niggas that we stay strapped nigga
wanna know the fucking desert name with
my nigga be magic man motherfucking
marijuana on my nigga something chill
waiting for this shit to come up man
it's just next battle boy is that going
to be the shit yes I'm answer my own
foot that's only shit look at a sep
tember 25th be magic vs em City oh shit
what is that my name street status
September 25th URL my nigga street star
dogs coming down let's see it's proves
nightclub norms are downtown it's gonna
be it's gonna be the shit my nigga
cassidy hosting it you know i'm saying
so it's big all you more for the st.
Louis nigga come out motherfuckers
outside st. Louis come out you know
upset shit gonna be off the
motherfucking chain get in and flush out
don't see me tear this nigga em City the
fuck apart flat-out ain't goin went
around that's what he say he sailed
Twitter he hoped that I can win at least
one round boy you just don't know what's
in store for you city
Oh get back is a little doodle but
anyway she's a lot of shit got a lined
up man i got this nigga young Kannon in
Detroit Young tennis I think it can't
spit at all um fellow Midwest en
whatever the fuck real awesome but the
nigga can't rap to me she you know I
don't know how to fuck this nigga try so
hard to wrap and you come up with shit
like flu shit watch me work I'm a killer
nigga man but let them niggas no blame
they think you're just talking but I
don't know about that work that work you
be putting in my nigga real talk like
air everything is everything is wrapped
cuz no so these please these hard ass
bars don't come like you know I'm says
I'm gonna shit all the time you know
real talk I'll take it serious now it's
at first I didn't I really didn't but I
got an opportunity so I won't take it
and I'ma wrong with it i'ma fuck
everybody up in my lying like you're not
going to see me lose mark my words money
they're gonna see me lose in town out of
town where the fuck unless it's a bias
as crowd no I'm saying one of the
footage come up just gonna change that
too cuz niggas listen to bars on the
footage so let's get it poppin look
nothing me this won't talk to you see
I'm saying if you can like change like
the opponent that they gave you a like
you know send a worldly motherfucker
that leave you can like just jump over
you know Kenny like who would you fuck
with tell you rock dumped me yeah
heartless fucking fuck j fox nigga kill
yourself bitch and on shotgun Suge yeah
a lot of niggas been I've been trying to
nothing you know but shouldn't it what's
poppin cook should know what's poppin
you know surf no ship no what's popping
this hurts note was popping fuck you
listen no you couldn't get that shit off
of meeting real talk how did you feel
about the Summer Madness battles here
you know like you know just a summer man
with any classics and summer man I'm
gonna keep it a hundred I actually
enjoyed acacia and the surf next
question like I i would keep it a hunnit
goes on the highway and hit man you know
I'm saying I'm real talk I'm a fan of
both written and shit you know i'm sure
i'm a fan of both for this shit real
talk right listen to them niggas like a
lot of times and battles i don't watch a
lot of these niggas balance but i felt
it neither one done came with it like I
don't listen to crowds i listen to
lyrics you know I'm saying I think they
coulda came way better than that you
know i'm saying so if if you know
doesn't some real shit there so I don't
know what I'll say about their like if
it was it was cool to watch she like
yeah it was really funny when he swooped
you know mr. hash it goes that was funny
like you know Sam but they can't bring
no battle back to life you feeling so it
still words that counted ain't no no no
all the other shit but I respect both of
them shouts both from well I ain't
feeling better I couldn't I couldn't
watch it again you know i'm saying i
could walk that one time plus B magic vs
john john out you know um be magic vs QP
be magic versus VI sweet stylists are TV
you know me that's all this out no I
watch it a whole bunch i watch myself so
I know how to get better tell me I don't
know what your niggas do worry about too
much some niggas ain't got shit else to
do but going in and and and make look I
don't know how to fight tapes you know
I'm saying shit you know you would like
it but it's probably gonna make this a
two-part more for the series too there's
going to be some more fucking news out
of this you got nothing real talk I just
straight thought about that might make
I'm two-part this shit
you